Overhaul custom authz policy provider article (#37379)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/includes/git-download.md

> [!TIP]
> Use the [`git sparse-checkout` command](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-sparse-checkout) to download a single folder from the main branch of a GitHub repository.
>

> > In the following example, the `security/authorization/BlazorWebAppAuthorization` subfolder is downloaded from the `dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs.Samples` repository. Replace `https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs.Samples.git` with the repository's Git Version Control Repository file, and replace the `security/authorization/BlazorWebAppAuthorization` path with the path to the subfolder that you want to download:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In the following example, the `security/authorization/BlazorWebAppAuthorization` subfolder is downloaded from the `dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs.Samples` repository. Replace `https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs.Samples.git` with the URL of the repository that you want to clone, and replace the `security/authorization/BlazorWebAppAuthorization` path with the path to the subfolder that you want to download:
```
The phrase "Git Version Control Repository file" didn't seem right.  Maybe I am just missing something.  I reworded, see if this works better.
